I worked at various incarnations of Cybit between February 2002 and January 2012.
The company saw many iterations of mergers and acquisitions between these times.

All of these incarnations were involved in GPS Tracking of vehicles, in the earlier stages of the industry.

I originally joined when it was Global Telematics (a 50/50 venture between Racal and European Telecom) as a Technical Support Engineer. 
I would install our complex software at customer sites, and provide support for any issues. I also wrote various utility programs for use by support staff.

The company then became known as Thales Telematics, and became wholly owned by the Thomson CSF-Racal group, which rebranded to Thales.
I continued in the same role for a time, then became Product Development Consultant, becoming more involved in software engineering, consulting with new and existing customers on bespoke requirements, and working on other new product initiatives.

Thales Telematics then merged with Thales Navigation, retaining the Thales Telematics name. I changed to being a Junior Software Engineer, working on a mix of bespoke software and Thalestrak - our online platform.
Additionally, I created a PDA-based piece of software (this was pre-iPhone) to allow base-driver messaging, which also integrated with TomTom navigation software to allow remote vehicle routing with destinations set by remote users.

Some time after this, Thales Telematics was acquired by Cybit Ltd, changing names to Cybit Positioning Solutions Ltd. 
I continued much of the same work, but after a time moved over to Cybit Ltd to become the lead engineer on the Fleetstar platform - at the time the largest vehicle tracking platform in the UK.
This team grew somewhat over the years and added several significant new features to the platform - e.g. migrating the mapping platform to use Google Maps rather than a bespoke solution.

Eventually it merged again to become Masternaut.

Tech Stack (remember this was some time ago...):
C#
VB.NET
VB6
Coldfusion
SQL Server
ASP.NET
ASP
Javascript

