I worked at Plum Guide between July 2019 and October 2022.
I started as a Senior Software Engineer, becoming a Tech Team Lead.

Plum Guide is essentially a high-end alternative to Airbnb. Properties are checked and vetted prior to listing, and only those of sufficient quality are allowed on the platform.
Plum Guide was a start-up/scale-up when I joined.

I made significant contributions to projects such as the following:

Price Sync - Synchronising our pricing with other platforms.
Destinations - Creating a scaleable means of offering our services around the globe (rather than just a handful of cities).
SEO - Created a catalog of destinations to automatically and scaleably generate sitemaps and landing/facet pages to drive SEO conversion.
Messaging - Migrated guest-host messaging from a monolith into a new microservice, adding features such as attachment sending.
Search - Designed and created the continuous ETL process to populate Elastic Search, as part of a search re-write. Also added monitoring and contributed significantly to the API.
Syndication - Rewrote the syndication/affiliate feed engine to reduce reliance on engineering for changes to the feeds.
Public API - Created a Public API for partner use. Also planned and designed a V2 of this with much improved functionality.

I also managed a team of 3 other engineers, running the Integrations team. Our team looked after integrations into 3rd-party organisations (e.g. Property Management Systems).
I looked after the backlog, managed weekly goal setting (in a Kanban-style), ran Agile ceremonies and the line-management of the 3 other engineers - carrying out 1-2-1s, goal-setting, performance reviews etc. 
I was also very heavily involved in recruitment - doing interviews (phone screens, technical design interviews and culture interviews), and grading code test submissions.

The tech stack at Plum Guide was mainly:

C# (Core and Framework)
ASP.NET
SQL Server
Redis
Azure (Cosmos DB, Servicebus, Application Insights, Webjobs etc)
Docker / Kubernetes (AKS)
Bitbucket Pipelines / Octopus / TeamCity
Infrastructure as Code (Pulumi)
Elastic Search
Prometheus
Grafana
Seq
Salesforce